# Math Books

This is a literate program that compiles to many different math books/sites.

## Files

* [books/tour.md](#tourists-guide-to-mathematics "save:") A guide to using
  mathematics
* [books/mnem.md](#math-mnemonics "save:") How do you remember math
* [books/humb.md](#humble-mathematics "save:") What really works
* [books/prog.md](#programming-mathematics "save:") How to get a computer to
  your dirty work
* [books/avoid.md](#avoiding-mathematics "save:") How to get off-the-shelf
  computer/calculator stuff to do your work
* [books/min.md](#mathematics-minimally "save:") Just the bare facts
* [books/form.md](#formal-mathematics "save:") Definition, theorems, proofs
* [mp/index.html](#math-pebbles "save:marked") Web exploratory bits
* [books/mpwork.md](#math-pebbles-workbook "save:") Workbook generated by math
  pebbles
* [books/mpinfo.md](#math-pebbles-docs "save:") A book on using math pebbles
* [books/mnum.md](#math-num "save:") The book version of the math numbers
  literate program. 
* [books/all.md](#all-in-one "save:") All of these books combined into one. 


## Toursists Guide to Mathematics

This is a book that illustrates various uses of mathematics. It is an
integrative, problem-based approach. Each problem chosen is rich in content
and is used to highlight numerous mathematics techniques to know. Each
technique is listed about where to find out more and the level of manual vs.
computer level of proficiency required. 

## Math Mnemonics

How can we remember mathematics? This should be based on intuitive
mathematical ideas. It is like proofs except not always true. Just kind of
true. 

## Humble Mathematics

This is to explore the limitations of the usual mathematics taught. What are
the considerations? Is it even worthwhile? Why is it being taught?

## Programming Mathematics

How do we explore mathematics computationally? A JavaScript based tutorial on
exploring mathematics. Will use math-numbers for non-relevant parts of the
algorithm. 

## Avoiding Mathematics

A book on using computers to do your work for you. It is really a wink and a
nod to getting into the thinking part of mathematics. 

## Math Pebbles

This is a website full of interactive widgets for exploring and solving
various mathematical problems. This can also generate worksheets and
workbooks. 

## Math Num

This is a library of functions for doing mathematics using different number
systems. When all done, its literate program will be published as a book. 

## Mathematics Minimally 

The ultimate cheat sheet for mathematics. Just the facts. 

## Formal Mathematics

A no nonsense guide to the proofs and foundations of mathematics. 

## How to make this work

So those are the nine projects of interest for mathematics. The idea is to
write them simultaneously. So we pick a topic in mathematics and start writing
out the different perspectives. 

How do we do this smoothly? We will order and list each topic here. The list
will be gone over and and appropriate sections will be pulled. 

    ## Arithmetic

    _"arith::count"
    
    ## Lines

    ## Quadratics

    ## Polynomials

    _"poly::descartes"

    ## Rational Functions

    ## Exponential Functions

    ## Logarithms

    ## Trigonometry




